README.md, before:

# Lobby Ranks (Bakkesmod Rocket League plugin)
This is a bakkesmod plugin which can display a table of players in the current match and their ranks across various playlists.

![Image of the Lobby Ranks table as displayed in Rocket League](https://i.imgur.com/HEdLLvS.jpeg)

This plugin was inspired by [Yoni's Playlist Rank Viewer](https://bakkesplugins.com/plugins/view/125)([Github](https://github.com/yonilerner/bakkesmod-playlist-rank-viewer/)) plugin, which this was initially based off of.

## About
The plugin is a table of players in the current match, it displays each players rank, mmr and games player in various playlists. 

## Usage
You will want to adjust the plugin's settings in Bakkesmod. You can do this by pressing F2 and navigating to the settings tab. Selecting "Lobby Ranks" will display the settings.

By default pressing `P` will toggle the ranked table display. If enabled in settings, the table will be displayed whenever you have the scoreboard open.

## Future Updates
Currently the plugin only displays the 1s, 2s, 3s and Tournament playlist ranks. Plans are in place to allow user's to choose which playlists to display and in what order.

Commit message:

README As link to bakkes mod plugin

README.md, after:

# Lobby Ranks (Bakkesmod Rocket League plugin)
This is a bakkesmod plugin which can display a table of players in the current match and their ranks across various playlists.

![Image of the Lobby Ranks table as displayed in Rocket League](https://i.imgur.com/HEdLLvS.jpeg)

This plugin was inspired by [Yoni's Playlist Rank Viewer](https://bakkesplugins.com/plugins/view/125)([Github](https://github.com/yonilerner/bakkesmod-playlist-rank-viewer/)) plugin, which this was initially based off of.

You can view and install the plugin on bakkesmod plugins here: [Lobby Ranks](https://bakkesplugins.com/plugins/view/348)

## About
The plugin is a table of players in the current match, it displays each players rank, mmr and games player in various playlists. 

## Usage
You will want to adjust the plugin's settings in Bakkesmod. You can do this by pressing F2 and navigating to the settings tab. Selecting "Lobby Ranks" will display the settings.

By default pressing `P` will toggle the ranked table display. If enabled in settings, the table will be displayed whenever you have the scoreboard open.

## Future Updates
Currently the plugin only displays the 1s, 2s, 3s and Tournament playlist ranks. Plans are in place to allow user's to choose which playlists to display and in what order.
